obviously Asian timing people are late
but hopefully will be the turnout you've
got one two three five to try and find
the right kind of man before it really
is too late Dimpy is taking matters into
her own hands
she's the social secretary of the
British Asian Medical Association so
she's organized an event where doctors
should be guaranteed you are jeido it's
a professional network so everyone can
meet up in the professional setting and
if they like each other why not get
together so it'll be quite cool
filling up really quite fast but females
and I need some more men I've been
watching a lot of men this is me just a
female this is Tim peas friends would
love the right man to be here for Dimpy
tonight as even they are running out of
options for her
I'm trying hard to find her someone
haven't done to our so far please come
through inferno yet they're still
looking although other way I do feel
like people are thought of so far aren't
good enough and this is just like I
don't understand what's going on
please welcome definitely please come
through I'm sorry and there were 30
people expected but they've half right
now but it looks full thank you all very
much for coming enjoy your meals and
yeah I look forward to many more
evenings with lots more people so get
the word out please and thank you
there were only about four guys that
came to the event
total turnout was about 25 people I'm
just looking love like this I think I'm
just so unlucky